So last thing I'll show you with a raise is you can actually mix destructuring object syntax with destructuring
a re syntax saw go ahead and show you how that might work.
Let's say we have a person will do let an end user like so and this guy is going to have a couple of
things going on.
So first he's going to have a name.
Of course everyone has a name just about and will do as usual 37 right there and then we'll have friends
which will just be a list.
Matter of fact we'll make this Cullerton since we're already doing that a lot.
When do colors or favorite colors of favorite colors.
And then after that we'll do an array might do something like red.
Honestly that's not my favorite color.
I'd be lying to you that maybe some purple color right there.
Maybe good old fashioned blue.
So after that we'll go ahead and add an object inside of here.
So the best friend and inside of here will have an object with the name of Malcolm and then it tempera
tempera.
How do you spell this temperament of show like so and after that what we can do is we can now with all
of the syntax that we've learned pull out exactly the bits of information that we want.
So in this case I'm going to do let a set equal to a user and then we're going to start.
So first thing I might want is the name or do object literal name then I might set this equal to for
example local name and then after that I'm going to go ahead and want favorite colors.
And I'm going to need to go inside of that array.
So remember this is just to give us the location of the property so we have location.
Now I need to access this array.
And then after that I need to give the the particular item of the array name.
So in this case I'm going to skip the first one and I'm going to give it a new one so will do local
color.
So we'll just hit purple like so and like I said you can break this down onto multiple lines to make
it easier to read and then after that we're going to go inside a best friend and we'll do best friend
like so I can't get it best friend and then we'll access it.
We can just call it local temperament if you really want to do.
Yeah.
We'll call it temperament and then we'll call this local Tim Praagh meant like so who.
All right.
So honestly this would have looked extremely cryptic if you had seen iOS 6 and not known this stuff.
So it's pretty crazy.
Now I can just go ahead and cancel that log.
Any old way I want in this case I'm just going to do a local name.
We only pulled out three different things but we did it in a very precise way.
So now it's all available to us.
Not that local temperament perfect.
So now if I print this out you can see it says John purple chill.
Be kind of a cool wrestling name but either way this is a combination of all the different syntax as
we've learned.
And you could also apply other things like for example the rest items and so on and so forth.